Wow a factory that can swallow
Disneyland an engine that's as heavy as
20 blue whales or a train that's as long
as Chicago's Navy Pier there are tons of
big things on earth and they can't be
called anything other than enormous the
world's largest crocodile in captivity
was called Lola it got to the Guinness
World Records for reaching the length of
more than 20 feet the animal was almost
as long as a London bus you can also
compare its length with three dolphins
or a giraffe Symphony of the Seas is the
greatest cruise ship on the planet now
it could easily transport eight and a
half statues of Liberty 15 and a half
Brooklyn bridges or 20 and a half I felt
ours the ship is also as long as twelve
blue whales the biggest plane in the
world by wingspan is Strato launched
designed as a flying launch platform for
space rockets the aircraft is wider than
a football field
it's a wingspan is twice wider than that
of a Boeing 747 you can also line up 47
polar bears on its wings hey let's try
it the largest dump truck in the world
Balazs 75710
is produced in Belarus these enormous
vehicles work at mining sites the truck
can easily carry more than four space
shuttles 55 elephants or 150 hippos the
thing is also higher than a two-story
house the world's biggest living shark
is the whale shark slow-moving and
filter-feeding this calm giant can grow
as long as 10 adult people for
bottlenose dolphins or 36 domestic cats
the longest passenger train in the world
is the God it helps people to get from
Adelaide to Darwin in Australia the
Train consists of 44 cars and is as long
as 212 adult crocodiles or three Empire
State buildings the Goliath beetle is
often called the largest on earth its
length is bigger than that of 20 black
ants or as big as a house mouses
the beetle is also twice as heavy as a
golf ball and four times as heavy as a
double-a battery the longest snake in
captivity is called Medusa this Python
is grown to be a bit more than 25 feet
long that's as long as for bicycles 25
big earthworms or 31 chihuahuas
since 2014 the biggest Ferris wheel on
the planet has been the high roller in
Las Vegas the thing is 550 feet tall
just twice smaller than the Chrysler
Building in New York it's as tall as 32
giraffes or a pyramid of almost 100
adult people the height roller is also 9
feet higher than the world's second
tallest Singapore Flyer and 107 feet
higher than the London Eye the largest
snowball on the planet was made in the
US its diameter was bigger than 10 feet
that's the height of two horses three
giant pandas or one and a half
motorbikes the biggest crane in the
world has a fitting name big Carl
standing taller than the Golden Gate
Bridge the crane can lift 30 blue whales
40 space shuttles or 450 adult elephants
in one pickup the world's largest video
screen is the Xiu Zhao Sky screen in the
Harmony Times Square in China it's twice
as big as a Manhattan city block you
could fit inside three football fields
or ten and a half hockey rinks the
biggest and heaviest hammer in the world
is the mhu 3500 s I draw it under water
hammer place 14 black rhinos on top of
one another or make a tower of 23
Galapagos giant tortoises and you'll see
how tall the crane is the world's
largest airship is airlander 10 the huge
wingless aircraft can stay airborne for
five days it can lift five cars 17
grizzly bears or 20 grand pianos hey
let's get the grizzly bears to play the
grand pianos the blimp has approximately
the same length as the height of the
Statue of Liberty or Big Ben it's also
almost as long as a football field
the world's biggest building by usable
space is the Boeing factory in Everett
u.s. airplanes do take up a lot of space
the manufacturing facility is large
enough to house the entire Disneyland
it's also five and a half times as big
as the Great Pyramid of Giza or you
could try to fit 5,500 Olympic swimming
pools inside and succeed with no leaves
roots or stem the biggest flower on the
planet rafflesia grows in Southeast Asia
its record-breaking bloom could easily
cover a mid-sized adult Fox the flowers
diameter equals five small pygmy rabbits
or four big brown rats it's also as
heavy as two domestic cats or four
bricks the biggest engine weighs two
thousand three hundred tonnes like 13
and a half single-story houses or 20
blue whales such engines are used to
power the largest cargo ships the
biggest known tree on earth by volume is
a giant sequoia named General Sherman
you would need 150 concrete mixer trucks
if you decided to fill up the trees
volume it's also as much as 2,000 hot
tubs the largest paper clip ever made
weighs almost 1,200 pounds no wonder it
got to the Guinness World Records the
thing is as long as two giraffes or half
a bowling lane and twice as long as a
small car the biggest wave ever was
recorded in Alaska after an earthquake
followed by a landslide when the
gigantic wave ran ashore trees 1,700
feet upslope were snapped like
matchsticks the wave was 100 feet tall
it's as big as an eight story building
or 20 brown bear standing one on top of
the other the largest tree grown fruit
on the planet is the jackfruit its
biggest fruit can be as heavy as 550
average apples 6 middle sized
watermelons or 460 bananas
tami massive is the largest volcano on
earth as big as the Gulf of Mexico it's
also one of the most impressive in the
whole solar system it's not that hot but
it's volume equals 600 Grand Canyon's or
a four and a half million of Sydney
harbours Bingham Canyon Mine is the
world's largest and deepest human-made
open pit it's a hundred year old copper
mine near Salt Lake City in Utah it's
half as big as Los Angeles International
Airport two and a half times larger than
New York Central Park and four times as
big as Monaco the largest creature on
earth is Breda fort in South Africa when
the thing was formed it was 185 miles
across
it's 27 times the depth of the
Challenger Deep the deepest point in the
ocean that we know about this distance
is also more than 33 times as big as the
height of Mount Everest the largest
human-made thing in space is the
International Space Station it's as
heavy as five space shuttles and as
large as a football field the station is
also as heavy as 220 cars or 40 crew
ship anchors the biggest cave on the
planet is hangsang doing in Vietnam it
has its own jungle River and loads of
underwater tunnels it's volume is as
great as 400 pyramids of giza or 400,000
Olympic swimming pools the world's
tallest and deepest rail tunnel is the
Gotthard base tunnel it means it could
fit 11,000 midsize pickup trucks 4700
London buses or more than six thousand
limos the biggest flying bird in the
world is the royal albatross it spends
85% of its life flying over the ocean
near New Zealand with its 11 foot
wingspan the albatross is twice bigger
than the largest seagull species the
great black back Gulf when the birds
spread its wings they stretch for almost
as long as the average car the world's
largest helicopter is mi-26 also known
as halo this transport helicopter weighs
as much as 12 black rhinos
seven hippos or more than forty cows the
copter can also lift three African
elephants nine giraffes or eleven
midsize cars the largest non polar
desert is the subtropical Sahara in
Africa the area it occupies is bigger
than Brazil twenty times as big as
California and 2,000 times as big as the
Grand Canyon National Park it doesn't
get any bigger than that
or does it